Project 2 for Programming Languages Programming Languages CSC-226-01

	(Individual)  Coding Project #2 (12.5 points)
Learning Objectives: Use an interpreted scripting language for simple programs Write a structured program that demonstrates the use of subprograms, passing parameters and the use of control structures Implement a structured programming solution that reads from a text file and builds and uses a dictionary data structure for “lookup” (program 2)

Password Authentication program (5 points)

Using Python 3, code a programming solution to do the following: Having a secure password is important as much of our information online uses this form of security checking. Write a Python 3 program that validates a new password, using the following criteria: The password must be a minimum of 9 characters The password must contain at least 1 upper case letter, 1 lower case letter The password must contain at least 1 digit

The Password Authentication program needs to ask the user to enter a NEW password that meets the above criteria. The program then needs to have the user verify the (valid) password by retyping it [correctly] for confirmation. If the retyped password is correct, let the user know that their password has been updated. If it is incorrect, your program should detect that and report that it is “not the same” and make the user start over by entering a new password.

You also need to submit your set of formal TEST CASES that verifies the program works as described above. Construct your Test Cases to match/test 1 – 3 above. Must Use attached Formal Test Plan doc.. (1.25 points)

South America capital quiz (must read data from File into a Dictionary). (5 points) Write a Python 3 program that quizzes a ‘player/user’ to identify the capital of each country in South America. Your program will list the name of each country, ask the user to enter the name of its capital and then compare their answer given to the correct capital city. Provide “correct” or “incorrect” feedback and score 1 point for every correct answer. At the end of the “quiz” – report their score, percent correct and the (sorted alphabetically) list of the countries with their capital cities. You should create a text list of the 13 countries of South America with their capitals (1 per line). Read the text file into a dictionary that uses the country name as the key and the capital as the value. Here is a fun link to test your South America geography knowledge: https://online.seterra.com/en/vgp/3016 You also need to submit your set of formal TEST CASES that verifies the program works as described above. Use the attached Formal Test Plan doc. (1.25 points)

Grading Criteria will include: Be sure to document your programs, including: Name, date, description at the top of the file Meaningful identifier names Function pre/post conditions; describe its purpose to the overall program design

Demonstrate well-organized, good structured solution that uses the features of Python 3 No breaks, returns, inside functions User-friendly (be sure to communicate what the program does and how the user needs to interact with the program)

Appropriate data structures, efficient methodology to solve the problem

Minimum set of test cases to verify the specification requirements are met.